Legacy docs review (#5867)
Particular/docs.particular.net: samples/sql-persistence/saga-rename/sample.md

This is required to handle the following scenario

 * When EndpointVersion1 is shut down there can still be messages in the queues or pending timeouts stored in the database.
 * These messages and timeouts have headers referring to the old versions of the saga types.
 * When EndpointVersion2 is started these messages and timeouts will be processed but the headers need to be translated to the new versions of the sagas.

snippet: mutator

DANGER: This mutator must remain in place until all messages and timeouts that target the old saga versions are processed.

> For reply messages the safe period of time to leave the mutator in place is the [configured discard time](/nservicebus/messaging/discard-old-messages.md) if specified for those messages. Note that this period may be superseded by [messages in the error queue](/nservicebus/recoverability/configure-error-handling.md) being retried. If no discard period is specified, it is better to stay on the safe side and leave the mutator for a couple of weeks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For reply messages, the mutator should not be removed for at least [message discard time](/nservicebus/messaging/discard-old-messages.md) - if specified for those messages. Note that [messages in the error queue](/nservicebus/recoverability/configure-error-handling.md) might be stored by messaging infrastructure for even longer. If no discard period is specified, it is recommended to leave the mutator for a couple of weeks.
```
